[DataGrid] Introduce `slots` and deprecate `components` (#7882)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-data-grid-v5/migration-data-grid-v5.md

- The `getGridSingleSelectQuickFilterFn` function was removed.
  You can copy the old function and pass it to the `getApplyQuickFilterFn` property of the `singleSelect` column definition.

## Rename `components` to `slots` (optional)

The `components` and `componentsProps` props are being renamed to `slots` and `slotProps` props respectively.
This is a slow and ongoing effort between the different MUI libraries.

> To smooth the transition, pickers support both the `components` props which are deprecated, and the new `slots` props.

Author: Oops 🙈 
```suggestion
To smooth the transition, data grid support both the `components` props which are deprecated, and the new `slots` props.
```
